Adding a "global" not_intent parameter for slot mappings (#7931)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/forms.mdx

```yaml-rasa
forms:
  restaurant_form:
    required_slots:
        cuisine:
          - type: from_entity
            entity: cuisine
        num_people:
          - type: from_entity
            entity: number
```

You can define a list of intents to ignore for the whole form under the 

> `ignored_intents` key. Intents listed under `ignored_intents` will be added to the `not_intent` key of each required slot in the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ignored_intents` key. Intents listed under `ignored_intents` will be added to the `not_intent` key of each slot mapping in the form.
```

This is my bad, I suggested `required slot` in the first place, but on re-reading it it actually applies per mapping, not just per slot

Author: Thank YOU for re reading it!!! 💯

```yaml-rasa
forms:
  restaurant_form:
    required_slots:
        cuisine:
          - type: from_entity
            entity: cuisine
        num_people:
          - type: from_entity
            entity: number
```

There is also an optional parameter that can be defined in each form which is called
`global_not_intent` parameter. It can be added under the form_name and its value will
affect all slots that are present in that form. More specifically, it will update/add

> the `not_intent` key of all individual slots with the specified value (or list of values)

Reviewer 2: @akelad Can you or somebody from your team please review this one as well? 🙌🏻

Reviewer 2: @melindaloubser1 maybe?

Reviewer: sure

> There is also an optional parameter that can be defined in each form which is called
> `ignored_intents` parameter. It can be added under the form name and its value will
> affect all slots that are present in that form. More specifically, it will update/add
> the `not_intent` key of all individual slots with the specified value (or list of values)
> found in the `ignored_intents` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a list of intents to ignore for the whole form under the 
`ignored_intents` key. Intents listed under `ignored_intents` will be added to the `not_intent` key of each required slot in the form.
```

For example, if you do not want any of the slots of the specific form to be filled with

> intent `chitchat` then you would need to define the following (after the form_name and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
intent `chitchat` then you would need to define the following (after the form name and
```

> For example, if you do not want any of the slots of the specific form to be filled with
> intent `chitchat` then you would need to define the following (after the form name and
> before the definition of the slot mappings):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you do not want any of the required slots of a form to be filled when the intent is `chitchat`, then you would need to define the following (after the form name and
before the definition of the slot mappings):
```
Does the order matter? Why can't `ignored_intents` come after `required_slots`?

```yaml-rasa
forms:
  restaurant_form:

>     global_not_intent: chitchat

Reviewer 2: does it make sense to call this `ignored_intents`? It's not consistent with the `not_intent` naming but seems more intuitive to me

Reviewer 2: @melindaloubser1 Is that also cool for you?

Reviewer: yes, I see it's already been changed elsewhere

>     ignored_intents: chitchat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ignored_intents: 
    - chitchat
```
If I understand this right this should be a list?

Author: Yes

```yaml-rasa
forms:
  restaurant_form:
    global_not_intent: intent
    required_slots:
        cuisine:
          - type: from_entity
            entity: cuisine
        num_people:
          - type: from_entity
            entity: number
```

There is also an optional parameter that can be defined in each form which is called
`global_not_intent` parameter. It can be added under the form_name and its value will
affect all slots that are present in that form. More specifically, it will update/add
the `not_intent` key of all individual slots with the specified value (or list of values)
found in the global parameter.

> For example, if you want to fill the `not_intent` key of all slots with `intent` then

Reviewer 3: I think this wording is a little confusing. I would prefer to focus on the fact that it means non of the slots will be filled with the intent `intent` (maybe rename too), rather than the fact it "fills" the key "nont_intent" for each slot.

you would need to define the following after the form_name and before the definition
of the slot mappings:

```yaml-rasa
forms:
  restaurant_form:
    global_not_intent: intent
    required_slots:
        cuisine:
          - type: from_entity
            entity: cuisine
        num_people:
          - type: from_entity
            entity: number
```
Note that if you decide to use the `global_not_intent` parameter then the keyword

> `required_slots` should precede the definition of slot mappings as shown in the above

Reviewer 3: I would argue that we always support `required_slots` even if there is no `global_not_intent`. Maybe we also think about deprecating the lack of it? @akelad thoughts?

Reviewer 4: I'm pretty sure that leaving required_slots empty is allowed if you have custom slot mappings? See point 2 here: https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/forms#custom-slot-mappings

Reviewer 2: > I'm pretty sure that leaving required_slots empty is allowed if you have custom slot mappings?

True

> Maybe we also think about deprecating the lack of it

I would do this in case there are non custom slot mappings to push users to annotate them within `required_slots` and so that we can drop the extra code in 3.0

Reviewer 2: I think the current implementation is fine, **but** I'd implement a deprecation warning for the case that users don't use `required_slots` to define slot mappings. I would always raise this warning independent if they use `global_not_intent` or not.

Means this causes a deprecation warning (but continues to work)

```yaml
forms:
  my_form:
    my_slot:
   - type: from_text
```

And these don't:
```yaml
forms:
  my_form:
    required_slots:
      my_slot:
     - type: from_text
```

```yaml
forms:
  my_form:
    global_not_intent:
    - intent1
    - intent2
    required_slots:
      my_slot:
     - type: from_text
```

> and in the function required_slots we define the ones with custom_mappings.

This function is in the SDK and doesn't need to be considered here, **but** it raises an important point:

* from what I understand `slot_mapping_for_form` breaks with this change as it won't return the slot mappings but rather `required_slots` 
* This in turns requires another change in the SDK [here](https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa-sdk/blob/7f9d7a43a48c9fbec170453c8459c70648cfb8a8/rasa_sdk/forms.py#L820)

```yaml-rasa
forms:
  restaurant_form:
    required_slots:
        cuisine:
          - type: from_entity
            entity: cuisine
        num_people:
          - type: from_entity
            entity: number
```

There is also an optional parameter that can be defined in each form which is called
`global_not_intent` parameter. It can be added under the form_name and its value will
affect all slots that are present in that form. More specifically, it will update/add
the `not_intent` key of all individual slots with the specified value (or list of values)
found in the global parameter.

For example, if you do not want any of the slots of the specific form to be filled with
intent `chitchat` then you would need to define the following (after the form_name and
before the definition of the slot mappings):

```yaml-rasa
forms:
  restaurant_form:
    global_not_intent: chitchat
    required_slots:
        cuisine:
          - type: from_entity
            entity: cuisine
        num_people:
          - type: from_entity
            entity: number
```

> Note that if you use the `global_not_intent` parameter then the keyword `required_slots`

Reviewer 2: They should always use `required_slots`, no?

        entity: number
```

> There is also an optional parameter that can be defined in each form which is called

Reviewer 2: aren't there other examples in the docs which we'll have to adapt to the new format as well?

Author: @wochinge So, I need to update all the examples that include `forms` : 
- in the docs, e.g. [from_entity](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/forms#from_entity)
- maybe also in the [examples](https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/blob/dcaa9210326d41c7569fe5a0478cbc0d2f8ffb27/examples/formbot/domain.yml#L92) folder 
- and in rasa/data folder ? (eg. [default_with_slots.yml](https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/blob/dcaa9210326d41c7569fe5a0478cbc0d2f8ffb27/data/test_domains/default_with_slots.yml#L36))
- and wherever I find `forms` related examples

and add the keyword `required_slots` before the definition of slot mappings ?

Author: - So, I need to check if there are other places in the docs where forms are mentioned and check if I should mention also the `global_not_intent` parameter ? 
- Also, do I have to add the `required_slots` keyword : 
   - in all the `form` related examples in the docs ?
   - Also, in the [examples](https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/tree/e2759589e308de1120364035256d6169776c8c55/examples) folder ?
   - Maybe also in the examples in the tests, eg. [here](https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/blob/e2759589e308de1120364035256d6169776c8c55/tests/core/actions/test_forms.py#L76) ?

Reviewer 2: I think all docs examples should use the `required_slots` key from now onwards. The old syntax should still work but give deprecation warnings. And yep, that would require changes in all of the mentioned locations 💯
